BCDA-10194 v3 content updates (#347)
CMSgov/bcda-static-site: src/_pages/about.md

Learn more about [using CCLF and BCDA files]({{ '/bcda-data/comparison-bcda-cclf-files' | relative_url }}) and mapping data between them with the [Data Dictionary]({{ '/bcda-data#data-dictionary' | relative_url }}).

## Continuing innovation: BCDA v3

For 15 years, the [Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (the Innovation Center)](https://www.cms.gov/priorities/innovation/about/cms-innovation-center-strategy-make-america-healthy-again) has worked to transform healthcare through programs that incentivize value-based care. BCDA introduced version 3 (v3) in 2026 to keep pace with the Innovation Center’s continuing work to transform the American health system.

BCDA v3 consolidates data sources and FHIR conformance to help organizations reduce administrative friction, improve data quality, provide a better user experience, and more effectively realize the standardization benefits of FHIR interoperability.

> [Introducing v3]({{ '/announcements/bcda-launches-v3' | relative_url }})

Author: Is this floating link correct?

<img width="687" height="363" alt="Screenshot of widow 'introducing v3' link" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a266d16-66c6-4ba0-a972-7e656c2b3750" />

Reviewer: That looks unintentional. I suggest we get rid of that floating link and add the hyperlink to "BCDA v3" in the line above
ex: 
```
[BCDA v3]({{ '/announcements/bcda-launches-v3' | relative_url }}) consolidates data sources...
```

> [Introducing v3]({{ '/announcements/bcda-launches-v3' | relative_url }})

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[BCDA v3]({{ '/announcements/bcda-launches-v3' | relative_url }}) consolidates data sources and FHIR conformance to help organizations reduce administrative friction, improve data quality, provide a better user experience, and more effectively realize the standardization benefits of FHIR interoperability.

```
